....However, out of respect for the Bush Family and former President George H.W. Bush we will wait until after the funeral to have a press conference.

I was very much looking forward to having a press conference just prior to leaving Argentina because we have had such great success in our dealing with various countries and their leaders at the G20....

President George H.W. Bush led a long, successful and beautiful life.  Whenever I was with him I saw his absolute joy for life and true pride in his family. His accomplishments were great from beginning to end. He was a truly wonderful man and will be missed by all!

Statement from President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on the Passing of Former President George H.W. Bushpic.twitter.com/qxPsp4Ggs7

En mi último día como Presidente, me siento muy honrado de haber participado en la firma del nuevo Tratado Comercial entre México, Estados Unidos y Canadá. Este día concluye un largo proceso de diálogo y negociación que consolidará la integración económica de América del Norte.pic.twitter.com/bzys5eiVNf

アルゼンチンでＧ２０サミットが開幕しました。この機会を活かし、トランプ大統領、モディ首相と、初めてとなる日米印三か国による首脳会談を行いました。「自由で開かれたインド太平洋」という共通の目標に向かって、緊密に連携していくことで一致しました。pic.twitter.com/Hp9qnWubFH

President Moon (@moonriver365) and President Trump (@realDonaldTrump) reaffirmed their commitment to closely coordinate so as to achieve their common goals at an early date.https://twitter.com/Scavino45/status/1068575880375525376 …

Watch @seanhannity on @FoxNews NOW. Enjoy!

Great day at the #G20Summit in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Thank you!pic.twitter.com/4IHvUdOygc

Great reviews on the USMCA - sooo much better than NAFTA!

To the Great people of Alaska. You have been hit hard by a “big one.” Please follow the directions of the highly trained professionals who are there to help you. Your Federal Government will spare no expense. God Bless you ALL!

Just signed one of the most important, and largest, Trade Deals in U.S. and World History. The United States, Mexico and Canada worked so well together in crafting this great document. The terrible NAFTA will soon be gone. The USMCA will be fantastic for all!

#USMCAhttps://www.pscp.tv/w/btEs2TFvTlFsTFJub1dwUXd8MXpxS1ZPblFPcFdHQmSOfOAN8gyL9JytNFLRhmjE4shRonDb-oP2Fg4Qd028?t=6m53s …

....Lightly looked at doing a building somewhere in Russia. Put up zero money, zero guarantees and didn’t do the project. Witch Hunt!

Oh, I get it! I am a very good developer, happily living my life, when I see our Country going in the wrong direction (to put it mildly). Against all odds, I decide to run for President & continue to run my business-very legal & very cool, talked about it on the campaign trail...

Arrived in Argentina with a very busy two days planned. Important meetings scheduled throughout. Our great Country is extremely well represented. Will be very productive!

Alan Dershowitz: “These are not crimes. He (Mueller) has no authority to be a roving Commissioner. I don’t see any evidence of crimes.”  This is an illegal Hoax that should be ended immediately. Mueller refuses to look at the real crimes on the other side. Where is the IG REPORT?

“This demonstrates the Robert Mueller and his partisans have no evidence, not a whiff of collusion, between Trump and the Russians. Russian project legal. Trump Tower meeting (son Don), perfectly legal. He wasn’t involved with hacking.”     Gregg Jarrett.  A total Witch Hunt!

Just landed in Argentina with @FLOTUS Melania! #G20Summitpic.twitter.com/Zg15gmPazF

As RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel oversaw history defying gains in the Senate and unprecedented fundraising strength. I have asked her to serve another term for my 2020 re-elect, because there is no one better for the job!

